Oh, it's like this
Our promotion department has been seriously short of staff recently
Then I also took a look at your resume
It suits you very well
Prepare to come to work tomorrow
Okay, thank you, manager
I will come to work tomorrow
It's really like what Gao Xiaoyu said
Such a big company
It's not difficult to apply for a job
If there is nothing wrong with Boss Song
Let's make this cooperation go so smoothly
Mr. Gao, we are all cheerful people
If there is no problem
Let's go according to the contract
I wish our cooperation a complete success
If there is nothing wrong, I will leave first
Then I won't send you. Um
Secretary Huang, why is the water misplaced?